Add migrate to tiers troubleshooting doc (#86738)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/tab-widgets/troubleshooting/data/migrate-to-data-tiers-routing-guide.asciidoc

// tag::cloud[]

> In order to get the shards assigned we'll need to call the 
> <<ilm-migrate-to-data-tiers, migrate to data tiers routing>> API which will
> resolve the conflicting routing configurations towards using the standardised

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to get the shards assigned we need to call the 
<<ilm-migrate-to-data-tiers, migrate to data tiers routing>> API which will
resolve the conflicting routing configurations towards using the standardized
```

(don't blame me, blame the Elastic style guide for proscribing American spellings for things)

<<data-tiers, data tiers>>. This will also future-proof the system by migrating 
the index templates and ILM policies if needed.

**Use {kib}**

//tag::kibana-api-ex[]
. Log in to the {ess-console}[{ecloud} console].
+

. On the **Elasticsearch Service** panel, click the name of your deployment. 
+

NOTE:

> If the name of your deployment is disabled your {kib} instances might be

Reviewer: The "the name of your deployment" is disabled? Is that a type, or can the name of something be disabled?

Reviewer 2: Maybe we just change this to "If your deployment is disabled" instead? It reads just a little strange to me. Might just be me though.

unhealthy, in which case please contact https://support.elastic.co[Elastic Support],

> or your deployment doesn't include {kib}, in which case all you need to do is 

Reviewer 2: Run on sentence: Should split the sentence into two. End the first after "please contact Support.", Start the new sentence with "If your deployment doesn't include Kibana, then all you need to do ...."

Author: Yes, good spot. Will do this in a follow-up for all guides. Thanks for the suggestion

  "migrated_component_templates":["a-component-template"] <5>
}
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// TESTRESPONSE[skip:the result is for illustrating purposes only as we're not waiting for ILM to stop]
+
<1> The ILM policies that were updated.
<2> The indices that were migrated to <<tier-preference-allocation-filter,tier preference>> routing.
<3> The legacy index templates that were updated to not contain custom routing settings for the
provided data attribute.
<4> The composable index templates that were updated to not contain custom routing settings for the
provided data attribute.
<5> The component templates that were updated to not contain custom routing settings for the
provided data attribute.

. <<ilm-start,Restart>> {ilm}
+
[source,console]
----
POST /_ilm/start
----
+
The response will look like this:
+
[source,console-result]
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
{
  "acknowledged": true
}
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// TESTRESPONSE[skip:didn't wait to stop it]

//end::kibana-api-ex[]
// end::cloud[]

// tag::self-managed[]

> In order to get the shards assigned we'll need to make sure the deployment is 
> using the <<data-tiers,data tiers>> node roles and then call the 
> <<ilm-migrate-to-data-tiers, migrate to data tiers routing>> API which will
> resolve the conflicting routing configurations towards using the standardised

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to get the shards assigned we need to make sure the deployment is 
using the <<data-tiers,data tiers>> node roles and then call the 
<<ilm-migrate-to-data-tiers, migrate to data tiers routing>> API which will
resolve the conflicting routing configurations towards using the standardized
```
